[//]: # (Dating is Fucking Weird)

My dates this week have been weird as fuck...

Sunday, the date I didn't think would lead to anything ended up with me banging her in my car outside the restaurant. I can remember the last time I banged in a car but it's not common. Feels like a thing only high school kids do. I guess it went well enough because she wanted more today and I obliged. It was at her house though and a lot more comfortable... must be a million dollar house so, yeah. Wants to do it again next week, after the Thanksgiving holiday... so looks like I found myself a new fuck buddy. She's a little bit older than me but smoking hot, recently divorced, and loaded. It had been over two months since the last time for me so I'm happy about ending that drought.

Monday, the one I was _really_ looking to, ended up flaking. Something about her not feeling well because she got a flu shot a few days before. It's believable I suppose but what I suspect happened was that she did some research on me and found out about some shit. It's not true but it doesn't look good. If I was a woman I would cancel on me too. What am I going to say though? There's no good way of bringing it up. She said she still wanted to meet and would reschedule... but it's been a day and haven't heard back after I replied with an understanding message. I'm disappointed about it but it's not the end of the world.

Tuesday, I was supposed to go out with a woman I had dated about five months ago. We had been texting all weekend and seemed like it was going well. She was definitely DTF but when I tried to confirm the date the day before I never got a reply. Strange that two dates got cancelled in a row.

Wednesday, I confirmed plans with the chick but I think I might cancel. It will be the fourth date with her. I'm not feeling it. She's been flirting pretty hard and the date will for sure lead to sex. Despite the attitude I display for women and sex in this post/blog I do still need to feel a connection - it's not just about boning. I need to feel a connection with the other person. If not then I just can't do it. I'm not a teenager any more and my erections are less consistent than they once were. Plus it's just not right or fair. So that's why I might cancel. I don't think I can get there with her. If I do go on it then it'll either be do-or-die on the date. If I'm still not feeling it then I'll have to tell her then, otherwise, it will go down. Ugh.

I have one date prospect lined up for the weekend after Thanksgiving... on Sunday. I've been out with her twice already. Super cool chick, cute, has a good career and all that stuff. Hoping it actually happens. The flakiness is getting old. we'll see. Until then I hope everyone has a great Turkey Day and spends lots of quality time with their friends and family!