[//]: # (Frosted Tips)

Picking up from where I left off last week... Sunday's date was the only one I went on. The one on Monday that I was really excited about cancelled on me. Tuesday's girl ghosted me until a few days after Thanksgiving with a "Happy Thanksgiving" text which was intentionally late - that's the end of that. I was all set for Wednesday but I didn't like the girl that much and it was time to put my dick in her so I cancelled. Haven't talked to her since.

Car sex girl has been texting me regularly. She's a bit older than me, newly divorced, has kids, and is well off. I thought she just wanted to hook up but she's been texting me regularly every day asking about how my day is going. Then yesterday we were setting up a date for tomorrow and she asked me if we were hanging out at her place or going out for drinks... which I am pretty sure was a test. I think she really likes me and wants a relationship but is just playing it cool. So tomorrow we are going out on an actual date - an activity that should be fairly short but interesting and then dinner and drinks after. I'm picking her up (and dropping her off) so I'm sure we'll end up doing the nasty again at her place. I think I'll keep up the fun factor with her but throw in some important questions every so often. Not sure if she is girlfriend material yet so might as well start that process now.

Monday I am going out with this one chick that I met one time about six months ago. She is loopy as fuck so I'm not expecting anything to come of it... other than maybe hooking up. Yesterday she sent me a video of her licking an ice cream cone. She was trying to be sexy but I couldn't stop laughing. It was so lame! I guess some guys love it... and I'm sure she sent it to her trove of groupies that would nut in a heartbeat and give her endless amounts of attention. Suckers!

I think we've hit the mark where if you haven't found someone for the holidays then it will be tough going until January. There's a bunch of matches in my dating app but I'm not expecting to meet up with any of them. Besides I don't even know if I will have time. My schedule is getting busy.

Needless to say I am out of the depressed state I was in a few weeks ago. I knew it was only temporary but am happy that it's over. I do still think of my (ex?) wife. We separated 11 months ago and have been trying to work through the divorce since that time as well. She still wants to be together but for certain reasons that just won't work. I don't trust her at all. When I think of her I miss her and wish we were still together. I don't know if anyone will ever know me as well as she knows me. It's hard to imagine someone else filling in that place in my life again. I want it though. It's just going to be a lot of work and patience. What if I commit to someone who ends up hurting me? I don't want to waste my time or get hurt again.

I titled the posted Frosted Tips because I got a new driver's license (with a new picture) and it looks like I have "frosted tips" in my hair. My last license picture looked like that as well. Maybe it's something with the camera they use or the lighting but I definitely do not have frosted tips. Also it's Winter now, so it's a play on words. Kinda.

Last week I went searching through a backup of my old blog. This stuff is about 15 years old... and the comments people wrote were hilarious! So, I am thinking of adding comments to this blog as well. I just need to find a comment service that will allow anonymous comments because they're more fun that way. We'll see.
