[//]: # (Hello Darkness)

I met my future wife, Jasmine, in the summer of 2004. I was home from college doing laundry and watching Harry Potter when my sister, Cinderella, stopped by with a few of her friends. I knew them all except there was someone new to the group. It was Jasmine. She asked me a bunch of questions to which I payed no real attention to. I was so clueless back then. That's all I can remember from that night except that I was wearing a fraternity shirt. She knew someone in mine so I think she was asking me about him. To my defense, when you meet a guy for the first time, why would you ask him about another guy? Maybe that threw me off, maybe it didn't... I still admit that I had no idea when a girl was into me back then so I'll never know.

The next week I invited my sister to a house party that my friends and I were having. We needed more girls to come so I asked her to bring friends. She brought a few of the same girls from the previous week, including Jasmine. We didn't talk much at the party but ended up going out at midnight to get some Cuban food with some others. Even then we didn't really talk much. She had incredible fake tits and a pretty face. That's what really got me interested. I managed to get her phone number or AIM screen name that night.

That summer I had a girlfriend but did end up hanging out with Jasmine a couple of other times strictly as friends. She intrigued me and I knew she liked me after hanging out. In August she went back to school in another city but I kept in touch with her over AIM. We'd chat once in a while and I got to know her a little more.

In early December, Jasmine and I talked about our plans for Christmas break. Her mom and sister lived in the city where I was and she was coming back for the break to see them. The thing was, her mom was a live-in nanny and her sister had the smallest house ever. Her situation seemed a little gloomy. I felt bad and invited her to come skiing with me instead. My girlfriend and I had broken up in early November so I was single and looking to move on. I thought this was a perfect opportunity to get to know her more. Plus, she had never skied or even seen snow before! How romantic would it be if it was snowing while we were there?

With my plan in place we flew out to go skiing. My dad and his girlfriend were there too because he lived there and that's who we stayed with. We had one day of skiing and it did not go well at all. Jasmine is possibly the least coordinated person I've ever met. She fell down every 5 feet, the entire way down the first green slope. I got frustrated and stayed ahead of her in an attempt to try and get her to go a little faster. It was useless. My dad and his girlfriend stayed next to her and picked her up every 5 feet. This should have been my first red flag as to how incompatible we were, however red flags sometimes go ignored. It took Jasmine all day to get down one slope. My dad and I managed to catch a lift back up before it closed but that's all we had time for. Jasmine and my dad's girlfriend stayed at the lodge.

Later during the trip we went to Target for something and when we came out it was snowing. Jasmine was so happy! It was kind of cool. We also went to a Christmas tree farm and cut down a tree for my dad's place and went to the zoo the next day. Overall it was a really great trip (if you don't count the skiing disaster). At first when I invited Jasmine I was thinking I just wanted to hook up with her during it. But something changed in the middle of it. I don't think we even ended up kissing. I could be wrong. Maybe it was just that we didn't hook up. I can't remember exactly.

All good things must come to and end and we flew back home. Upon our arrival is where red flag number two popped up (and went ignored again). At the baggage carousel we couldn't find Jasmine's bag. The conveyor belt had stopped and there were no more bags coming out but hers was nowhere to be found. We checked with the staff who ensured us that the bad had arrived. Looking on the conveyor we found a bad that looked similar to hers so on a hunch I called the contact number on it. Turns out the owner of that bag wasn't paying attention and grabbed Jasmine's instead. They drove back to the airport and we exchanged bags. All was settled. This wasn't the red flag though. The red flag was that the entire time we were trying to track down her bag I had never been so annoyed by someone in my entire life. Instead of helping she complained the whole time. It was awful. I also remember her talking shit about how my brother smelled but I don't remember exactly how it fits into the story. He was in middle school at the time and not sure if he had been introduced to deodorant yet. I thought it was rude but didn't make a big deal of it. She never had a brother so wasn't used boys lack of personal hygiene. Maybe this was another red flag though because later in our relationship she complained about everyone in my family... but I'll save that for another post!