[//]: # (Raking the Leaves)

I was in a bad place when I wrote my last post. Since then things have turned around 180 degrees. For a while now at my job, there has been someone who has consistently shown interest in being friends. She would ask how I was doing and  give me little bits of encouragement along the way. And by consistent I mean, maybe over the last six months to a year. I was hesitant to bring her into my inner circle at first but finally decided to around the time I wrote my last post. Since then we have developed a very open friendship. Not in a sexual way or anything like that (she's married and I'm not interested) but open in that we share personal things with each other without judgement. I told her about my situation with the ladies and she's sorta taken the role of being my winggirl.

About the situation with the girl I am in love with. I still am but am also being more realistic about it now. I ended up telling her how I felt and, as expected, it did not go well. We haven't spoken in over a week. She de-friended me on facebook and I took it a step further and blocked her. I did this to prevent myself from trying to view her public profile or see her name show up in common friends comments or likes. I'm glad that it went as bad as it did because there were so many red flags I ignored and probably would have regretted getting into a serious relationship with her eventually.

A little over two weeks ago I signed up for a dating app. Not to brag or anything but I see myself as above average looking. I've been getting a lot of matches on the app. Trying to keep up with conversation feels like a full time job. At first I signed up to keep myself entertained because I was lonely, but since then I have gone out with two women. The first one I've had 3 dates with and the other 2 dates. Normally the first date isn't much - drinks at a bar. It's less pressure and is a good way to get comfortable with each other before _really_ dating. My goal is to find a girlfriend out of this. Who knows what will happen along the way but I'm open to anything.

I also reconnected with a woman I dated briefly about five months ago. We agreed to start dating again but only once a week to see how things go. I have a feeling it will turn into a friends with benefits deal but I'm keeping an open mind.

Next week I've got a lot of dates lines up... Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday! Thursday is Thanksgiving and I will have my kids. Friday for a short while I have them as well... but might setup dates for that night, Saturday and Sunday. My winggirl helps me set them up on the app. I hand her my phone and she goes to town... it's kinda funny.

My date on Monday I am really excited about! She is fun to talk to and I can tell is a quality person by the things she says. She's super cute and seems to be ready for the type of relationship I want. I'm in trouble with this one because I already know I could develop feelings for her quickly - and that never turns out well. I just have to remember to slow things down. I'll let you know how it goes!
